Seasonable weather for crop raising.
Capital City
Dear listeners,
In this chapter, we'll talk about
the stories of a legendary girl
who's opposed to arranged marriage,
and traveled a long way to the capital city to escape from it.
That day, the scorching sun was directly overhead.
With the vernal breeze, comes the swift trotting steed.
In that carriage, there was a scholar.
He's from the capital. His name is...
TANG FEILONG!
Tang Feilong uttered coldly,
'do you know...'
MY HEART FALLS FOR YOU!
This is Tan Lingyin,
Tan Lingyin
Best male storyteller
in the capital
Tan Qingchen
Tan Lingyin's brother
This is Tan Lingyin,
specialized in story-telling.
Tan Qingchen
Tan Lingyin's brother
Tan Lingyin
Best male storyteller
in the capital
Tan Lingyin
Best female storyteller
in the capital
Tan Qingchen
Tan Lingyin's brother
specialized in story-telling.
She's the most popular story-teller in capital city.
Tan Qingchen
Tan Lingyin's brother
Tan Lingyin
Best female storyteller
in the capital
She's the most popular story-teller in capital city.
Her series of Tang Feilong's Romance
wins the heart of millions of girls.
And the character in her story
is not fictional.
but this charming gentleman on the horseback.
Hanlin gifted Tang Tianyuan!
Sister, slow down.
We will always be your fans!
Hurry up.
Prince charming Mr. Tang!
Protect us all along!
Tang Tianyuan! Tang Tianyuan! Tang Tianyuan!
Tang Tianyuan! Tang Tianyuan!
Love Is All
Episode 01
Miaomiaosheng's start-up bookstore opens
Tang Tianyuan travels a long way to Tongling
The highest goodness
is like water.
Tang Tianyuan
Most popular guy in the capital
No girls won't chase after him
He can only use a fan to hide his face
The highest goodness
is like water.
Master! Master!
Boss.
Your tea house is quite popular.
Why are all your customers girls?
Zheng Shaofeng
primus of military exam
Let me explain it to you.
Of this whole city, the stories told by our narrator
are the most popular ones among girls.
What would you like for the tea?
Zucchini
Give our master a new pot of tea.
That's it.
Sure. Please wait a minute.
I've tried all the tea houses in the whole city with you.
When can you break the habit of
listening to stories?
I heard among all the story-tellers
he's the most popular in this city. I can't miss this.
No one is as popular as you.
Just for a look of Mr. Tang,
girls come here from everywhere.
Who's Mantis?
The girls nowadays are so annoying.
Which girl
broke your heart?
The other day
a girl falls on my horse.
I think that's God Blessed.
That's how a sweet love story is supposed to start.
Master! Master! Master!
It begins.
Master! Master!
Master! Master! Master!
Recap of previous chapter: Tang Feilong lost lian
and was ordered by father to report in at Hanlin Academy.
Tang Feilong?
He didn't expect that halfway there,
a girl fell from the heaven.
Isn't this the same as what you said?
Make fun of me.
Great honours are great burdens
Of course it was Tang Feilong.
Tang Feilong held her tight.
and took her away riding the horse.
He dares defame me to such extent.
Lian nestled against him coyly,
too bashful to look her loved one in the eye.
Where's Mr. Tang?
- Who's that? - No idea.
The Tang Feilong you're talking about
is he Tang Tianyuan?
Where's your manners?
I'm telling a story.
If you want to interrupt,
you need to pay first.
So the answer is yes?
I don't want to answer that.
What's he doing?
Who's he?
Let's get back to the story.
Boo!
At this moment,
Tang Feilong held Lian firmly with his arms.
So sweet!
The two looked each other in the eye.
Under the moonlight, the air became sweet
Don't talk about Tang Feilong anymore.
Get off the stage! Boo! Boo!
Why?
Boss!
Stage invasion here!
Get off the stage! Boo! Boo!
Master please continue.
You're just telling the story out of pure imaginaton.
It happened under my very eyes.
And you also saw he hold her tight yourself?
I-I can't make a guess on that?
- What bullshit guess? - Get off the stage.
No.
Stop right there.
Leave if you don't want to listen.
Yeah. Yeah.
Get off.
Alright.
Get off. Get off.
Seeing that, Lian closed her eyes.
At that very moment,
Tang Feilong was distracted by something else.
Why?
You guys might be wondering
if Tang Feilong is some kind of priest or saint.
Is he a playboy?
Actually not.
It's because he found that Lian...
He found that Lian...
What is it?
What happened? What is it?
He found that Lian
had no legs!
She's a girl?
Embroidered shoes. Embroidered shoes.
Shit.
The storyteller is a girl.
I forgot to change shoes.
I haven't finished it yet.
Don't leave.
Stop it.
The guests are all leaving.
Get down. Get down.
Cross-dressing as a man. Brilliant idea.
Turns out this storyteller is a girl.
Mr. Tang. Let's go.
Sir.
Where did that storyteller go?
I just fired her. She left.
Boss.
Shoo!
I can do a few days for free.
No need. We don't need you.
Why?
You haven't given me a chance.
Why would you refuse me?
Bro.
No. This girl.
All the capital city knows about you.
No one wants a female storyteller.
I suggest you to give it up.
A girl should go back home
and marry someone.
Don't show your face in the public.
Sister. Forget about that. Let's go.
We just got used to the life here,
but now we have to leave.
Sister.
Why don't you
find a hostel and stay there?
I'll find more jobs to do
and provide for you.
I'm the elder one.
How can I make you do that?
I miss the moon-cake mom made.
Me too.
I know where we're going.
Tongling.
Tongling?
That's where mom was born.
Where mom was born?
The price there must be lower.
But sister,
you haven't got a chance to talk to Tang Tianyuan.
But we have a life to live.
Although I didn't see his face clearly,
still I'm content to ride the same horse with him.
That day when he was passing the street,
so many girls were screaming his name.
Tang Tianyuan!
I want to climb higher to attract his attention.
Never have I thought...
It was so humiliating.
I didn't get a chance to see his face.
But...
I've already ridden the same horse with him.
Help!
Get me off here.
I don't want to go back to Jinan
and marry Zhu Dacong.
Master. You alright?
Zhu Dacong
son of state administrator of Jinan
I...
Zhu Dacong
son of state administrator of Jinan
In my dream, my fiancee run away with someone else.
Zhu Dacong
son of state administrator of Jinan
In my dream, my fiancee run away with someone else.
It gave me a fright. Such a fright.
She did run away.
That's not the same as running away with someone else.
I'll get my fiancee back.
Shut your mouth.
Master.
We've packed.
We're ready to go.
I'll search my fiancee to every corner.
And track down the money from Sang Jie.
Hit the road.
Tongling
Sis. This is mom's hometown.
Right.
Mom told me when I was young,
\there's a good store for mooncake here.
Why haven't I heard of that?
You were not born yet.
This one.
Excuse me. I'd like two of this.
Here.
Book sale. Book sale.
Tales and anecdotes.
Legends and novels.
We have everything here.
Excuse me. What books do you have here?
Who reads books nowadays?
All want to find some light readings like novels
for some fun.
Domineering Lord In Love With Bossy Kitchen Maid
One Night
The content is all totally legal and logical.
You want one?
I'll buy all of these only I have money.
Thank you. See you.
Book sale. Book sale.
Sis. This time we come here
only with ten taels.
Later, I'll go find a bungalow.
The rent for month, let's say, it's five taels.
Then the five left,
if we spend it only necessities,
should be enough for two months.
If we can find a job before paying the rent,
then we're making the first step.
But the pay here is much lower
than in the capital.
What can we do?
If girls can't find a job in the public,
then I'll write novels.
In that case, no one will find I'm a girl.
Novel? What are you going to write about?
About...
About Tang Tianyuan.
Tang Tianyuan?
Tang Tianyuan is the dream of millions of girls.
We only told stories based on him for a few days,
and we earned so much money.
He's our money-spinner.
But if you use his name,
you might get into trouble.
Of course I'll change his name.
And do you remember the name
I used when I was telling his stories in the capital?
Tang Feilong?
If I don't show my face in the public,
no one will find out my identity, right?
Let's eat mooncake.
Just two here. You eat it.
Two months later...
Tang's Mansion
Capital City
Flygon, where did you go to have fun?
I miss you so much.
I've told you so many times.
Don't call me Flygon.
Not just me.
Now everyone in the city knows
you're F-ly-gon.
You're an army general,
but spend all day reading novels.
That's such a waste a time.
The novel about Tang Feilong
is the best-seller.
I paid a lot for this copy.
That storyteller girl got you into so much trouble.
At first, I thought the stories of Tang Feilong
will be short-lived.
Now it seems
to become the prototype of Miaomiaosheng's novel.
Now everyone knows
the Tang Feilong in this novel is Tang Tianyuan.
It might not do you good as a county magistrate.
County magistrate? What are you talking about?
Kneel down and accept the decree.
Imperial Decree: third rank court official
Hanlin scholar Tang Tianyuan
under the name of Tang Longfei,
is hereby appointed as County Magistrate of Tongling.
Follow the imperial orders, take down corrupted officials,
and help the citizens.
Appoint primus of military exam Zheng Shaofeng
as head constable of Lingtong
to assist the investigation, assuming the office today
to investigate the illegal gold mining of Sang Jie,
trace back the gold and bring justice to the public.
Bestow commissioned purple goldstone government seal.
Show it in time of need,
to mobilize
the government army of affiliate states as a commissioner.
Respect this.
I respect, Your Majesty.
What a surprise.
You two can leave.
Yes.
After Sang Jie mined the gold,
he was assassinated on the way back to the capital.
There must be someone behind it.
Do you think
this has something to do with Mr. Jiang?
We can't be sure of that, not until we get there,
and look into it.
Well, I think
His Majesty is really our best buddy since we were kids.
Give us all those work
that will get us easily killed.
Actually, His Majesty is
young as we are.
He clearly knows that
not everyone in the palace can be trusted.
In time of this,
we are the only ones that can help him.
But His Majesty is so good to you.
He asked me to go with you.
A primus of military exam
works for you as a head constable.
You must be so honored.
Do you know that
a simple minded man is easy to win other's trust.
You...
You can keep the pleasure.
But your good days are about to end.
What does that mean?
You don't know this.
Miaomiaosheng's bookstore is in Tongling.
Unscrupulous writer | Poor ending
Shameless and greedy | Disappoint the readers
Who did this?
Make me sick every day.
Might be some assholes
that are not satisfied with the ending,
and find ways to mess with us.
Foul eggs for yesterday.
Fang
Rotten fruit before that.
Zhuang
And shit might come tomorrow.
You aren't arresting him?
That's the duty of constables.
How can we do that?
That's right.
He's your loyal reader of your novel,
We think it might be just a burst of anger.
He'll quiet down if we ignore him.
Taking out anger on others.
I must teach him a lesson,
and tell him what is teaching.
Whey will he come?
In one-incense-stick's time.
Clean it up.
Zhuang, rip those on this side.
Fang, clean those on that side.
Rip them all down.
If it goes on like this,
we might have to go back to Jinan.
Readers are so prone to new stuff.
Bossy manager,
spiteful lord,
romantic scholar
I've written all I can think og.
Sis. Tongling is not safe lately.
Lord Sang died.
No one's managing the County Office.
Pickpocketers and cons are everywhere.
Everyone's disquieted?
Who wants to read our novel at time like this?
Sang Jie was arrogant despotic here,
and even mined gold.
His death did justice.
But...
he's really a good topic.
Qingcheng, how about I make a transformation
and start to write detective novels?
Sis. I've told you so many times.
We have no idea of the officials.
How can we write it?
Things will eventually sort themselves out.
The rent won't wait for us.
I can write a prequel first to attract the readers.
I'll leave the rest for the future.
Detective Tang Feilong
Prequel
Tongling County Office
Five. Five. Six.
Eight.
Bite it. Bite it.
Xiaoliu. This novel is intriguing.
Cong Shun
You can borrow it.
Zhao Xiaoliu
Li Dawang
He's sleeping?
Who's this?
The new county magistrate.
The new county...
Get up. All of you. Wake up.
Line up. Line up.
Please.
The officials are all here?
Yes. I'm Cong Shun.
This is Zhao Xiaoliu. Li Dawang.
Right. My lord.
Just call me Dawang.
Where's my adviser?
How about my assistant?
Nice to meet you. I'm Tang Feilong.
What's so funny?
My lord. Your name...
My name is not good?
It's good. Good.
It's so good that it becomes a household name.
I took office.
Why do you all know my name?
Actually, we know the name...
But don't know your name.
Do you know my name or not?
My lord.
What we know is another Tang Feilong.
The Tang Feilong in Miaomiaosheng's novel.
Yeah, that Tang Feilong
can bring down thief gangs and fight bandits.
Travel in heaven and Hades.
Just for dating girls.
What are you talking about?
It's called win's the heart of the pretty.
Right.
The pretty.
Is that a coincidence?
that he shares my name?
My lord.
This shows that you are destined for Tongling.
Destined. Destined.
Right.
Now I'm going to give you a very important thing to do.
We'll do that, my Lord.
Cleaning up.
See how messy this place is?
Look at that. Look.
Start it now.
Come on.
Get started.
Cleaning up.
Where is Miaomiaosheng's bookstore?
Gutong Bookstore
Pour water on you is leaving you some dignity.
I'll make you pay if you dare find me trouble.
The way you welcome guests
is quite extraordinary.
No wonder it's Miaomiaosheng's place.
Where is he?
Why would I tell you?
What are you doing?
I'll sue you for harrassment.
Hands off.
No.
No way.
What are you doing?
She had no legs.
My enemy?
It's you.
What?
Qingchen, send this troublemaker to the County Office.
Sis. It's not him.
It's not this guy.
No, it's not this guy.
Then...
Sir, I'm sorry.
Wasted the water of footwashing Zhuang just prepared.
W-What water?
Don't worry, sir. I'll go get you some dry clothes.
What are you looking at?
Have we met somewhere?
You think too much.
It's my first time here.
I don't have time to know you yet.
I'm sorry about that, sir.
20% discount on all your purchase today
Please.
Where's Miaomiaosheng?
I'm the manager.
Why are you looking for Mater Miao?
I read the novel he wrote.
I think it's good.
I want to meet him.
Thanks for your compliment, sir.
But Mater Miao is not at the bookstore.
Then...
Fang. Zhuang, Get all the books.
Untold Stories of Tang Feilong, Side Stories of Tang Feilong.
Get all the novels about Tang Feilong. Hurry.
What are you giving me books?
I said I want to meet him.
Mater Miao is really not here right now.
Why don't you come back next year?
I heard that there's
a quite famous storyteller in the capital.
He told stories of Tang Tianyuan,
but used the alias Tang Feilong.
Since you're the manager here,
I just want to prove one thing.
What's between Miaomiaosheng and this storyteller?
Or are the two the same guy?
How's that possible?
It must be Mater Miao
got inspired after
hearing his stories.
That means
Mater Miao has been to the capital.
So, you know,
Mater Miao is going to write a series of detective stories?
So you're here to get information of his novels.
I just want to ask you one thing.
Does he already know the content of these cases
or does he make these all up?
You're here for trouble, right?
Why do you hate Tang Tianyuan do much
that you want to make up these stories of him?
In Tongling, such a small woods,
I can't believe there's an old bird like you.
I can't imagine Tang Tianyuan
has male admirers.
I just want to know what kind of guy can
obscene words and lewd poems.
Obscene words and lewd poems?
Mater Miao has nothing to do with you.
Drink your tea.
It's getting late.
Could you give Mater Miao a message?
Grandstanding and writing nonsense
will make him suffer.
Who are you threatening?
Sir.
Your clothes hasn't been cleaned.
Thank you.
You haven't paid for those.
Two taels for one, four taels for two.
Money.
You're back.
I heard you went to find the master who gave you that name.
I didn't see Miaomiaosheng.
But guess who I saw today.
The girl that told stories in the capital.
Fate brings people together no matter how far apart they are.
What did you get here?
I think it's bad fate.
Untold Stories of Tang Feilong.
I have my own way to deal with Miaomiaosheng.
Now we have to get down to business.
Go get Sang Jie's file,
and let's analyze the case.
I only know kongfu,
and play with spears and sword.
I'll have a headache when seeing words.
When we're talking in front of our men,
don't make me embarrassed, okay?
Cong Shun.
Yes, my lord.
Put up a poster tomorrow.
I want to recruit an adviser.
Yes, my lord.
What's so smelly?
It stinks. It stinks.
It's her again.
Such a large pile,
why do carry it back all on your own?
What's this?
Recruitment Notice.
I'm blessed by the heaven.
County office is recruiting an adviser?
Correct.
Assume office right away,
and get paid for 18 months.
18 months.
And I can go to the county office
to gather materials for my novel,
and see how the Yamen handles the case.
Then I'll know
how to write my detective novels.
What so you say? It will be a waste,
if I'm not going, right?
No way.
A girl can't stay in a place like the county office.
Qingchen, Are we gonna trap ourselves in Tongling?
You don't want to go back to the capital?
I never thought about where I'm going.
All I know is wherever you go,
I'll go with you.
You went to the capital just to see Tang Tianyuan.
You took such a big risk to see him.
Is it worth it?
Whether he remembers me or not,
I want to stand in front of him
and say 'thank you' to him in person.
My lord. Please hire me.
My lord.
I've been practicing Bell Shield for 20 years.
Unbreakable.
My lord. Please hire me.
Can you read?
I-I'll learn.
M-My lord. I can't be an adviser,
but I can be a constable.
Let me be head constable.
Get lost. Dare take my job.
Get out of here.
My lord. You aren't trying to get rid of me, right?
Next one.
My lord. I'm a cultivated talent.
I'm Lu Youde.
Six, hurry up and get this old man home.
And find him a good doctor.
Okay.
Just go, go.
Next one.
My lord. No next.
No more?
Who said no more?
I signed up, too.
Why didn't you call my name?
A girl?
Isn't he the man I poured
water on yesterday?
Can't believe he's county magistrate.
That's unfortunate.
How can a lady sign up for this?
Get out of here.
What's wrong with ladies? I'm already here.
Just test me.
What are you doing here?
I just poured some water on you yesterday.
My lord. You're generous enough to forgive me.
Let's just forget about that, alright?
This bookstore is yours.
But this county office is mine.
Of course you can apply for this job.
But...
every step you take is worth one tael.
Cong Shun, count that for her.
Offending our lord will only make your life miserable.
Girl, don't embarrass yourself.
Go back home.
If you can't afford this,
just hurry home.
Wait.
She's leaving?
Just that easy?
What's she doing?
I can pay.
I'm coming.
My lord.
Neither my feet nor my shoes touched the ground.
It's not against your will.
You can't punish me.
That's right.
But I'm still not gonna hire you as an adviser.
You're a magistrate. How come your words don't count?
You put up the poster
and announced to recruit an adviser.
I'm here to apply for this job
but you won't even give me a chance.
You're breaking your word to the public.
How can people be convinced in this case?
It makes sense.
Get the paper.
You want me to take office right away?
Exam.
Round One
Ye Gong was fond of dragons.
Dragons were carved on the hooks and pillars,
Round One
and painted on all the walls of his house.
A dragon heard about it from the heaven and came down.
It poked its head into the window, coiled its tail to the room.
Ye Gongzhi was frightened out of his wits at the sight of it.
He trembled all over and hurriedly hid himself.
It turned out that Ye Gong was not really fond of dragons.
He only liked those in dragons' shape but not real ones.
My lord. I'm done. Please have a look.
What's that mess?
Are those characters?
Ye Gong was fond of dragons.
Dragons were carved on the hooks and pillars,
and painted on all the walls of his house.
A dragon heard about it from the heaven and came down.
It poked its head into the window, coiled its tail to the room.
Good.
This is my original shorthand method.
It takes time and effort to follow the book.
Shorthand is, of course, for the most important matters.
What do you think, my lord?
Writing down the text
is the basics out of basics.
Next, I'll test you
whether your brain keep up with your hand?
Let's start.
Lord Tang is on a trial in court.
Round Two
Three suspects--Tom, Dick and Harry.
When he questioned Tom,
there was a sudden thunder.
No one got what Tom said.
At this time, Lord Tang asked
'What did Tom say?'
Dick said,
'Tom didn't admit to doing anything wrong.
He's not a suspect.'
Harry said the suspect was Tom.
He admitted his own crime.
So, my question is--
which of these three is the suspect?
I know.
The criminal is Tom.
It's Dick.
Wrong. It's Harry.
Although the thunder covered up Tom's words,
what Tom said was nothing more than two things.
One, he admitted that he was a criminal.
Then Dick has no reason to hide it for him.
So Tom must have
denied that he was a criminal.
Then Dick must have told him what he said.
This Harry is different.
He was so certain that it was Tom.
A liar must be a criminal.
That's true.
Awesome.
A bunch of lame teammates!
Can't even compete with a girl.
My lord. How's it?
What else do you want to test? When can I take office?
Tomorrow.
You've given me the word. Deal.
18-months salary for a year. You can't break that promise.
Three-day probation.
Make me any trouble and the job is not yours.
Goodbye.
Adviser, please.
Wait for me by the door tomorrow.
No problem.
Let's go.
Awesome.
Thank you.
She's plotting something.